# tabdeposit
For my final project I have decided to create a tab manager. Every time when I show someone my computer they immediately mention the number of tabs I have open. Little do they know that the window they are looking at is just one of 15. I have at least 1,000 tabs open at any given time, which not only makes organization incredibly difficult, but also makes my computer run incredibly slow. I have tried every tab manager on the market, and none of them work with my brains organizational structure. See, I have ADHD, and that makes the way I categorize and organize information different from most people. I feel that if I close a tab I will lose that information forever, so I need to have a very organized and customizable tab manager that I can use to easily find what tab I am looking for. That is something I haven't yet been able to find.
There are a few things I would like to create in this. First, I want to create folders for different types of tabs and then be able to easily put each new tab into a folder. I would like the tab organization to come up every time I open a new window on my computer. I would also like to be able to send large amounts of tabs to folders at once. If possible (like we talked about in class with searching), I would like to be able to search for tabs (through the title of the webpage). I would also like the icons and color to be customizable (if I have time to do this), as I'm someone who cares a lot about aesthetics. 
Thinking about this through a computer standpoint, I currently envision it in a few stages. First when I click on the extension I will have options to send just that tab or tabs to the left/right/all tabs to my tab collector. Then the tab collector will take the URLs and put them in their respective folders (there will also be an option to create a new folder). What will appear in the folders is the page icon and the webpage title.
I don't know how much of this is feasible in the next month, but this is something I genuinely need in my life so I plan on continuing to improve it after the semester ends. 
